c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.exe
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.pdb
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\bin\Debug\ClasesBase.dll
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\bin\Debug\ClasesBase.pdb
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmLogin.baml
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmLogin.g.cs
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.g.resources
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.exe
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.pdb
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPrincipal.baml
c:\users\gas_c\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPrincipal.g.cs
C:\Users\gas_c\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmClientes.baml
C:\Users\gas_c\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmClientes.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.exe
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.pdb
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.exe
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.pdb
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\bin\Debug\ClasesBase.dll
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\bin\Debug\ClasesBase.pdb
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmButacas.baml
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmClientes.baml
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmLogin.baml
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPrincipal.baml
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmButacas.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmClientes.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmLogin.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPrincipal.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas_MarkupCompile.cache
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.g.resources
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.Properties.Resources.resources
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\RepoLpoo\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gas_c\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmButacas.baml
C:\Users\gas_c\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmButacas.g.cs
C:\Users\gas_c\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPeliculas.baml
C:\Users\gas_c\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPeliculas.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.exe
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.pdb
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.exe
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.pdb
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\bin\Debug\ClasesBase.dll
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\bin\Debug\ClasesBase.pdb
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmButacas.baml
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmClientes.baml
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmLogin.baml
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPeliculas.baml
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPrincipal.baml
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmButacas.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmClientes.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmLogin.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPeliculas.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPrincipal.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas_MarkupCompile.cache
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.g.resources
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.Properties.Resources.resources
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
I:\Cosas\escuela\Apu\LPoo\GithubDesktop\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.exe.config
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.exe.config
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.exe
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.pdb
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.exe
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.pdb
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\bin\Debug\ClasesBase.dll
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\bin\Debug\ClasesBase.pdb
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmButacas.baml
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmClientes.baml
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmLogin.baml
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPeliculas.baml
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPrincipal.baml
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmButacas.g.cs
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmClientes.g.cs
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPeliculas.g.cs
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\FrmPrincipal.g.cs
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.g.resources
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\xigna\Documents\XD\ShacoProject_LPOOII_Grupo05\Vistas\obj\x86\Debug\Vistas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gas_c\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LPOOII_GRUPO05\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.exe.config
